oss/Readme.md, before:

- [clojure basic](./clojure-basic) – Hello world.
- [crystal basic](./crystal-basic) – Hello world.
- [crystal site](./crystal-site) – Larger site.
- [general dns](./general-dns) – DNS zones and record management.
- [general ignorefiles](./general-ignorefiles) – Ignore file usage to omit files.
- [golang api](./golang-api) – REST API example.
- [golang basic](./golang-basic) – Hello world.
- [golang basic auth](./golang-basic-auth) – Basic authentication example.
- [golang basic memory](./golang-basic-memory) – Hello world with max Lambda memory/cpu.
- [golang cookies](./golang-cookies) – Simple cookies example.
- [golang cors spa](./golang-cors-spa) – Golang single page app and CORS API.
- [golang dump](./golang-dump) – Request dump for all HTTP requests
- [golang form](./golang-form) – Simple form processing.
- [golang gin](./golang-gin) – Hello World using the Gin framework.
- [golang logging](./golang-logging) – Logging example with plain-text and JSON logs.
- [golang shell](./golang-shell) – Explore the lambda environment.
- [golang slack](./golang-slack) – Slack command for timing a website response.
- [golang todo](./golang-todo) – Golang traditional server-side todo list.
- [golang uploads](./golang-uploads) – Simple multi-part form processing.
- [java gradle spark](./java-gradle-spark) – Hello world.
- [java gradle springboot](./java-gradle-springboot) – Hello world.
- [java maven spark](./java-maven-spark) – Hello world.
- [java maven springboot](./java-maven-springboot) – Hello world.
- [node 8](./node-8) – Node 8 application using a binary.
- [node basic](./node-basic) – Hello world.
- [node basic memory](./node-basic-memory) – Hello world with max memory/cpu.
- [node crashes](./node-crashes) – Crash recovery from uncaught exceptions.
- [node debug](./node-debug) – Logging using stderr example.
- [node env](./node-env) – Environment variable management.
- [node errors](./node-errors) – Default error pages.
- [node express](./node-express) – Express application.
- [node express browserify](./node-express-browserify) – Express application using a bundler to reduce require() time and build size.
- [node express spawn](./node-express-spawn) – Fun server that let's you spawn commands on the host VM.
- [node fastify](./node-fastify) – [Fastify](http://www.fastify.io/) application.
- [node graphql](./node-graphql) – GraphQL server.
- [node koa](./node-koa) – Koa website.
- [node logging](./node-logging) – Logging example with plain-text and JSON logs.
- [node micro](./node-micro) – Run the [`micro`](https://github.com/zeit/micro) binary with a non-native Node v8.x runtime.
- [node micro alt](./node-micro-alt) – Run the [`micro`](https://github.com/zeit/micro) programmatically.
- [node next](./node-next) – Next.js application.
- [node redirect](./node-redirect) – Tiny redirect app.
- [node spa](./node-spa) – Single page app using React & Neutrino.
- [python 3.4](./python-3.4) – Hello world using Python `3.4.3`.
- [python basic](./python-basic) – Hello world.
- [python bottle](./python-bottle) – A python app using the Bottle microframework.
- [python django](./python-django) – A simple python example using the Django web framework.
- [python flask](./python-flask) – A simple python example using the Flask microframework.
- [stage overrides](./stage-overrides) – Stage configuration overrides.
- [static basic](./static-basic) – Basic static site.
- [static dir](./static-dir) – Basic static site with custom root directory.
- [static error pages](./static-error-pages) – Custom error pages.
- [static header](./static-header) – Header injection example, configured in JSON.
- [static inject](./static-inject) – Script and style injection example, configured in JSON.
- [static photos](./static-photos) – Simple static photo gallery.
- [static rewrite](./static-rewrite) – Rewrites and redirection.
- [static site](./static-site) – Full static website.

Commit message:

add node-static and node-static-prefix examples

oss/Readme.md, after:

- [clojure basic](./clojure-basic) – Hello world.
- [crystal basic](./crystal-basic) – Hello world.
- [crystal site](./crystal-site) – Larger site.
- [general dns](./general-dns) – DNS zones and record management.
- [general ignorefiles](./general-ignorefiles) – Ignore file usage to omit files.
- [golang api](./golang-api) – REST API example.
- [golang basic](./golang-basic) – Hello world.
- [golang basic auth](./golang-basic-auth) – Basic authentication example.
- [golang basic memory](./golang-basic-memory) – Hello world with max Lambda memory/cpu.
- [golang cookies](./golang-cookies) – Simple cookies example.
- [golang cors spa](./golang-cors-spa) – Golang single page app and CORS API.
- [golang dump](./golang-dump) – Request dump for all HTTP requests
- [golang form](./golang-form) – Simple form processing.
- [golang gin](./golang-gin) – Hello World using the Gin framework.
- [golang logging](./golang-logging) – Logging example with plain-text and JSON logs.
- [golang shell](./golang-shell) – Explore the lambda environment.
- [golang slack](./golang-slack) – Slack command for timing a website response.
- [golang todo](./golang-todo) – Golang traditional server-side todo list.
- [golang uploads](./golang-uploads) – Simple multi-part form processing.
- [java gradle spark](./java-gradle-spark) – Hello world.
- [java gradle springboot](./java-gradle-springboot) – Hello world.
- [java maven spark](./java-maven-spark) – Hello world.
- [java maven springboot](./java-maven-springboot) – Hello world.
- [node 8](./node-8) – Node 8 application using a binary.
- [node basic](./node-basic) – Hello world.
- [node basic memory](./node-basic-memory) – Hello world with max memory/cpu.
- [node crashes](./node-crashes) – Crash recovery from uncaught exceptions.
- [node debug](./node-debug) – Logging using stderr example.
- [node env](./node-env) – Environment variable management.
- [node errors](./node-errors) – Default error pages.
- [node express](./node-express) – Express application.
- [node express browserify](./node-express-browserify) – Express application using a bundler to reduce require() time and build size.
- [node express spawn](./node-express-spawn) – Fun server that let's you spawn commands on the host VM.
- [node fastify](./node-fastify) – [Fastify](http://www.fastify.io/) application.
- [node graphql](./node-graphql) – GraphQL server.
- [node koa](./node-koa) – Koa website.
- [node logging](./node-logging) – Logging example with plain-text and JSON logs.
- [node logging 2](./node-logging-2) – Logging example with the `up` module.
- [node micro](./node-micro) – Run the [`micro`](https://github.com/zeit/micro) binary with a non-native Node v8.x runtime.
- [node micro alt](./node-micro-alt) – Run the [`micro`](https://github.com/zeit/micro) programmatically.
- [node next](./node-next) – Next.js application.
- [node redirect](./node-redirect) – Tiny redirect app.
- [node spa](./node-spa) – Single page app using React & Neutrino.
- [node static](./node-static) – Node app with static file serving from Up.
- [node static prefix](./node-static-prefix) – Node app with static file serving from Up.
- [python 3.4](./python-3.4) – Hello world using Python `3.4.3`.
- [python basic](./python-basic) – Hello world.
- [python bottle](./python-bottle) – A python app using the Bottle microframework.
- [python django](./python-django) – A simple python example using the Django web framework.
- [python flask](./python-flask) – A simple python example using the Flask microframework.
- [stage overrides](./stage-overrides) – Stage configuration overrides.
- [static basic](./static-basic) – Basic static site.
- [static dir](./static-dir) – Basic static site with custom root directory.
- [static error pages](./static-error-pages) – Custom error pages.
- [static header](./static-header) – Header injection example, configured in JSON.
- [static inject](./static-inject) – Script and style injection example, configured in JSON.
- [static photos](./static-photos) – Simple static photo gallery.
- [static rewrite](./static-rewrite) – Rewrites and redirection.
- [static site](./static-site) – Full static website.
